added scripts for sprayproxy deployment and setup (#1)
redhat-appstudio-qe/qe-sprayproxy: README.md

> # Spray Proxy Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Sprayproxy Deployment
```

This doc is to guide you how to use the scripts to deploy Spray Proxy on a permanent QE cluster, which is used to distribute requests sent from GH App to targeted test clusters

## Prerequisites

> * Make sure you have permissions to manage [RHTAP QE Github App](https://github.com/organizations/redhat-appstudio-qe/settings/apps/rhtap-qe-app) Github App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure you have permissions to manage [RHTAP QE Github App](https://github.com/organizations/redhat-appstudio-qe/settings/apps/rhtap-qe-app)
```

* Make sure you have write permissions for https://vault.ci.openshift.org/ui/vault/secrets/kv/show/selfservice/redhat-appstudio-qe/ci-secrets

* Installing [vault](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/install) cli

## Login to vault server 

> You fist need to login to vault server by performing the following commands before you execte `main.sh` script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You first need to login to vault server by performing the following commands before you execute `main.sh` script
```

# Spray Proxy Deployment

> This doc is to guide you how to use the scirpts to deploy Spray Proxy on a perment QE clsuter, which is used to distribute requests sent from GH App

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This doc is to guide you how to use the scripts to deploy Spray Proxy on a permanent QE cluster, which is used to distribute requests sent from GH App to targeted test clusters
```

Author: fixed

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd add a **Prerequisites** section here with these bullet points:
* make sure you have permissions to manage RHTAP QE Github App https://github.com/organizations/redhat-appstudio-qe/settings/apps/rhtap-qe-app Github App
* make sure you have write permissions for https://vault.ci.openshift.org/ui/vault/secrets/kv/show/selfservice/redhat-appstudio-qe/ci-secrets

Author: totally agree, thank you

Login to vault server with the following commands before you perform the following commands

```
$ export VAULT_ADDR=https://vault.ci.openshift.org

> $ vault login -method=oidc

Reviewer 2: maybe add an instruction where to get the vault binary?

Author: added a link for Installing vault binary at section `Prerequisites `
